Our Approach We take a holistic approach to addressing the many factors that impact maternal health and strive to leverage the private sector for public good. We value continuous learning and adaptability through commitment to cross-sector collaboration — working with governments, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), patient groups, professional associations, entrepreneurs, UN agencies, research institutions, other businesses and even other pharmaceutical companies. We are committed to understanding, amplifying, and responding to individual’s experiences by supporting and embracing diversity and inclusion by working with grantees and collaborators that represent the populations they aim to serve. We consider proposals for grants and collaborations that are aligned with our strategy based on invitation or through targeted open calls. We do not accept unsolicited proposals. Kenneth C. Frazier Award for Maternal Health Equity In 2021, MSD for Mothers launched the Kenneth C. Frazier Award for Maternal Health Equity, which was created in recognition of the legacy and commitment to maternal health by Kenneth C. Frazier, executive chairman of the board and former chief executive officer, MSD . Every year, the grant award is bestowed upon one organization in recognition of its commitment to and progress toward more equitable, high-quality maternal health care. Our Initiatives Our grantees and collaborators are working across the globe to promote safe, high-quality, equitable and respectful maternity care for people everywhere. Together, we are catalyzing solutions that respond to local needs in the communities being served and harnessing the power of innovations to help create a world where no woman has to die while giving life. Advancing high-quality maternity care The care that people receive around pregnancy and childbirth should be safe, high-quality, equitable and respectful. We envision a world where every prenatal visit, every labor and delivery and every postpartum encounter for the year after childbirth should help people have the healthiest outcomes possible. In support of this, we are working across both public and private sectors to strengthen health systems so that care teams are better equipped with the knowledge, skills and feedback needed to foster a culture of quality. We focus on innovations to bring potential solutions to the main drivers of maternal mortality, such as postpartum hemorrhage . Catalyzing solutions that respond to community needs A person’s health is not only determined by how they access care but also by where they live and work and play — otherwise known as the social determinants of health. Better maternal health outcomes are possible when community stakeholders are engaged in designing, implementing and evaluating solutions. We prioritize working with partners who put patients lived experiences first, including how they experience health due to their gender, race, abilities, class and other social determinants. Harnessing innovations for maternal health Innovations hold the promise of helping the world reach its maternal health goals faster. We are supporting innovations across digital, finance, products and policy with an eye towards ending preventable maternal deaths and reducing inequities. Investing in Mothers for Our Future When a mother is healthy and has a safe, high-quality delivery, we set the foundation for children, families, communities and societies to thrive for generations to come. Newborns are more likely to survive, children are more likely to stay in school, women can make valuable contributions to their communities and health systems are made stronger. We call this the “Mom Effect.”